QUESTIONNAIRE: TELL ME ABOUT YOU

1.	Why are you taking this course?
	1)	Suggested by Professor Msurdeanu
	2)	I want to learn how to display data in a way that conveys information effectively, and learn more knowledge about data science. 

2.	What do you think you’ll learn in this course?
	1)	Javascript, D3 library
	2)	Different types of visualization 
	3)	How humans perceive information. 
	4)	How to design my own visualization system for large datasets 

3.	What programming languages are you comfortable with?
	C++, Java, python, c#, perl, Javascript

4.	Which programming language are you most comfortable with?
	C++

5.	Have you ever created a data visualization? What was it?
	No answer

6.	During the course of your studies, what’s the largest dataset you’ve had to deal with? What tools did you use?
	5G, Matlab

7.	What’s the best visualization you’ve ever seen? Why do you like it?
	Facebook's Visualizing Friendships  
	It makes the world of social connections visible.

8.	What’s the worst visualization you’ve ever seen? Why do you not like it?
	No answer

9.	How would you assess your own programming skills, compared to what you would imagine the class composition to be? Please give an estimate in terms of percentiles.
	80% below

10.	How would you assess your own mathematical skills, compared to what you would imagine the class composition to be? Please give an estimate in terms of percentiles.
	65% below

11.	Version control. Do you use it regularly/have you used it before?
	Have some experience, but not regularly.

12.	How much experience do you have with Git?
	Used Git for several projects, both on windows and Linux

13.	How much experience do you have with GitHub?
	Same as above 

14.	Tell me about something interesting you learned recently. This can really be anything. For example, if you were meeting with a friend, what would you chat about? Possible answers: books, ideas, films, art, TV shows, blogs, podcasts, etc. This answer really does not have to be about data visualization.
	1)	Several interesting projects on Indiegogo, such as SILENT PARTNER, CityGo.
	2)	A project that creates interactive projector display with Ubi Displays Toolkit.

